What is JS?
Javascript is a JIT(Just in Time) compiler Programming language used for the Web. It is used for almost all of the intenet and it is used mainly for functionality of websites.

Eric Moch developed JS and initially named as LiveScipt. Because of popular languag ejava, livescript changed as javascript. it started from 1995 and maintained by EcmaScript

JS runs on Browsers and Every Browser has JS engine like Google- v8, Firefox- spidermonkey, edge-chakra

How do we link JS to our HTML?
There are two ways
1. internal: we can use script tag to include JS anywhere in HTMl. its called as internal Javascript
2. External: we can also use script tag to include external by having src with path. Js file have extension .js

it is always recommanded to keep JS at the end of the body

How to do comments in JS?
JS have two type of comments.
1. single line. comments are followed by  //
2. multi line: comments are followed by /*    and ends with  */

what are developer Tools?
Every Browser have some tools to inspect the code which are called developer tools. one of the developer tool is console. To debug or check the flow of Javascript , we use console

what is Client-server model?
Client request the server and server responds with HTml,css and Js and then client renders HTMl,CSS and js .
client is browser. js is client side programming langugae. it can also be used for server side like node js

what are variables and different variables in JS?
varaiables are used to store values that can change. it can be named anything and we use keywords like let,var,const to create variables . they are also called identifiers

what are the differences between var,let,const?
 --> var is a function scoped variable, it can redeclare,reassign variables and hoisting is also possible here
 --> let and const are introduced in ES6(ES2015). let and const are block scoped variables , let can  reassign but const cannot reassign. Hoisting is not possible here

 Javascript is Single threaded, synchronous Programming language

 Single threaded - only one task at a time
 synchronous - line by line









